The IIITP is located in Pune, Maharashtra, and it started its academic sessions from July 2016. The Institute is operating from the temporary campus
 of KJEI’s Trinity Academy of Engineering at the scenic foothills of Bopdev Ghat, Yewalewadi, Pisoli, Pune. For the academic year 2018-19, it offered 
two courses in Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) they are, Computer Science & Engineering (CSE) and Electronics & Communication Engineering (ECE). For A.Y 2019-20, 
the institute has intake capacity of 150 students for CSE and 75 students for ECE.
 From A.Y 2019-20, the Institute has started Masters of Technology (M.Tech) and Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D) programmes. M.Tech programmes are designed 
to impart students with latest aspects technology through introductory and advanced level courses, followed by the research within their field of specialization.
 The Institute offers M.Tech. programmes through its department of CSE with specializations in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and department of ECE with specializations 
in Internet of Things (IoT). M.Tech. programmes are two years structured programmes with credit components from one year of course work and one year of project/thesis.

Ph.D programme is aimed at assisting students acquiring proficiency in their chosen area of research. The academic programme leading to the Ph.D. degree is broad-based
 and involves a course credit requirement and a research thesis submission. The Institute encourages research in interdisciplinary areas through a system of joint 
supervision and interdepartmental group activities.

Prof Dr Anupam Shukla, eminent academician, researcher, author and administrator has taken over as a full-time Director from 14 August 2018. Prof. Shukla worked as 
professor in the Department of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) at ABV-Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management (ABV-IIITM), Gwalior 
and a visiting professor at Florida International University, USA, and at Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Rohtak. He has 29 years of teaching and research experience 
that includes 15 years of administrative experience. He is globally renowned for his research on artificial intelligence, which has won him several academic accolades and 
resulted in collaborations with academicians across the world.


Tes are two years structured programmes with credit components from one year of course work and one year of project/thesis.

ians across the world.